1. Quality of Deliverables
"1.Number of post release defects reported by Customer from the assigned modules = 0
2. Number of High Severity(Critical & Major) defects Defects raised/Discovered internally as well as externally = 2 

	a) Found a bug in clients rightsline app we aere consuming there apis for partiall search founs out there 
	   api isnt giving proper data in required format reported it manager and then further to client via proper 
	   emails and formal communication redesigned that functionalitya according to there updated api.
	b) Found out there is fundamental change in a json structure which leaded to break in functionality
	   i proactivily found that break in functionality is due to rightsline change in json structure,
	   reported that to manager and further was conveyed to client through proper communication.

	
	

3.Number of major review comments received on the code = 0 
4.Effective writing & execution of Unit Test cases, Ensure the build is of high quality 
	a) Tested every functionality which was developed by me,  developed ceratin functionaliity in a way that will remain intact 
	even after there are certain changes in further requirement.
	b) In our application  we had to test that functionality for all 11 screens still it was done relogiously for each user story i developed.
	c) Once it was required to test ACR voice recognition functionality for that I personally tested 200+ songs and along with team we tested 
	   500+ songs
	    
5. Ensure User Story/Use Case/Requirement scope is covered as part of the deliverable 
	a) During peak time developed almost 5-6 user stories per week which required extra hours.
	b) Did maintained record for every user story completed and reported it to lead/manager

6. Adherance to best practices in coding, designing & relevant frameworks/tools"
	a) Always followed guidlines given by project architect.


2.Effective Communication


"1. Effective, timely and clear reporting of the completed activities.
	a) Always reported completed activities on time in proper format.

 2. Highlighted the major risk & their probable impacts to the concern person immediately
	Whenever there were issue highlighted always reported them to mangers and team.

 3. Understands and strives to meet customer needs"
	Understood complete need did proposed positive modification confirmed them with BA/ Manger and worked on them.


3. Timeliness of deliverables

 "1.Adhere to the committed timelines as per project schedule 
	There was no delay in any of the user story and also did unit testing.

  2.Timeliness of weekly reviews 
	Always attended weekly reviews

  3.Timeliness of audit related reports 
  4. Ensuring for every Sprint/Release cycle, Defect Triage, Retrospective meetings & RCA are conducted without fail"
	Attended all of the sprint/release cycle, retrospective meetings etc.

4. Self Development & Training

  "Up-Skilling and Cross skill developement - 
  1 Cross-skill per year. Evaluation to be done by L&D team, if not contributing in project. Qualification criteria can be certificate, Assessment by L&D Team faciliated by DU Head, or project contribution
	a) Learned dotnet core, asp.net, c#, T-Sql, Angular cleared Imocha for all of these test and evaluted by SMEs also did a demo Project.
	b) Learned low code developement (Outsytems) from scartch attended 2 weeks of developer training school by Outsystems, futher did two demo project.
  	c) Completed effective communication and soft skill training and also got evaluated for the same.
	
  2. Up-Skilling to be evaluated by appraiser 
	
	
  3. Cleared any technology certification 
	a) Got Officially certified from Outsytems as Reactive Web Developer in Outsystems with 88%.
 
  4. Active participation in trainings & Timely completion of training assignments. 80 hrs annually on Technology Training & 1 Soft Skill training per half year"
	a) Completed almost 500+ hours training on dotnet, C#, Angular, T-Sql etc.
	b) Completed 40+ hours of Effective communication training and Soft Skill.
	c) Completed self learning 50+ hours on Outsytems developer training.
	


5.Adherence to Effective Scrum Practices or Project define process

 "1. Adhering to all the Scrum processes, with active and punctual participation in Scrum meetings.
	a) Participated in every scrum call.

  2. Participate actively and punctually in Daily scrum meetings, Sprint planning, Demo and Retrospective meetings. Absence/delays should be limited to max 5%, with prior intimation.
	a) 100% participation in every project level meet. 

  3. If scrum is not applicable needs to ensure project define processes are followed strictly "



6. Org Level Contribution

 "1. GitHub Contribution\Blog\White Paper: Contribute in Organization level GitHub repository(At-least one contribution per half year) At-least 1 technical blog/white paper per year " 
  
  2. Value Addition: Value Additions to Projects - Quantifiable value additions - Customer Feedback on same" 
	a) Activily participated in understanding and delivering client requirement.

  3. Org level Initiatives/Events: Active Participation in org level activity as participant/organizer - 1 per half year "
	a) Participated in DU head advertisement acted as falsh (marvel character).
	b) Participated in Tree plantation activity headed by HR head.
	c) Visited Navkshitij to express gratitude.
	d) Visited trekking baner hills.





